I went there relatively early, and there happened to be no one on the bus.
I jumped and exploded the secret weapon.
After I got off the horse, I sat in that position as expected.
I sat next to it to prevent it from getting out of control.
So, when you see my head and want to get off,
You will also detonate bombs.
That's right, when your wife sat at the door,
I will set off a bomb. I'm in a loop,
But only once, when your wife got out of the car,
I detonated the bomb. You have detonated it before,
It's just that you don't remember.
It's really like Dabai
Although you think about the power of your bomb
But detonated his bomb
That's why I blew up the whole car.
What you said is right
I admit this
Can you let my son go?
I had no intention of arriving, your son.
These miserable and unforgivable things you did
Leave it to the law and ask me to tell you
Let's get off first
tie him to the car
Blow up the car
It's no better than being blown up together with him.
Don’t blow up a big car
If the car explodes
We will still cycle
Don't you think it was an advantage to blow him up? Okay? Kill this beast with a gift.
If you don't want to show up outside the room,
You can do it
I won't tell you. Ye Cha is right.